= DESCRIPTION:

Installs the Marionette Collective

= PLATFORMS:

Tested as working:
 * Ubuntu (10.04)
 * Centos (5.5)

Likely to work without modification on Debian, RHEL, Fedora (if you try, please let me know).

= REQUIREMENTS:

A STOMP server.

Cookbooks
---------
* apt
* chef_handler

The `apt_repository` LWRP is used to create an entry for the puppetlabs repository.

The `chef_handler` LWRP is used to install a report handler (::server only)

= ATTRIBUTES:

* mcollective['psk'] - your pre-shared key
* mcollective['stomp']['hostname'] 
* mcollective['stomp']['port']
* mcollective['stomp']['username']
* mcollective['stomp']['password']
* mcollective['site_plugins'] - additional plugins

= USAGE:

Add recipe[mcollective] to your run_list to install the server and client tools.

By default, configuration will expect a STOMP server on localhost configured per 
http://docs.puppetlabs.com/mcollective/reference/basic/gettingstarted.html#configuring-stomp

If you already have a STOMP server available, override attributes to point to it.

* recipe[mcollective::server] will install the server components only.
* recipe[mcollective::client] will install the client components only.

= LICENSE:

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.